testscenario-high level document of test case.

role and responsibilty-
Roles and Responsibilities:

·       Involved in Manual, Automation Testing

·       Understanding the Customer Requirement Specification and Software Requirement Specification document.

·       Active Involvement in Agile Process.

.       Involved in converting test cases into test scripts and maintaining that test scripts.

.       Executing the test scripts for each and every regression 
Involved in writing Functional Testing, Integration Testing and System Testing Test Cases.

·       Involved in Writing, Reviewing and Executing Test Cases.

·       Involved in Preparing Traceability Matrix.
	

·       Modifying the test cases when change in the requirements.

·       Responsible for managing bug status.


Defects = 6 months =30
defect=1 year=60

P1=5 ,P2=10, P3=10, P4=5

test cases-1year
6 months-manual-100
6 months-automation-50

severity & priorty-
severity-it is parameter to denote the impact of the particular defect on the software
priorty- it is the parameter to decide the order in which the defect should be fixed.

high priorty and high severity issues in this project-
login funcationality
course creation
assignment creation

high priorty and low severity issues in this project-
login funcationality is working fine but password mask functionality is not working fine.
user id not visible.

low priorty and high severity issues in this project-
slight alignment mismatch in the pages.
course title is not visible in the instructor dashboard

low priorty and low severity issues in this project-
student name are not sorted in the alphabetical order.
assignment is created but success msg not appeared as an alert.

how to priortize the test cases in this project-
based on the functionality of the application

how to priortize the bug in this project-
based on the functionality of the application


when do you perform regression testing-
after completion of formal testing.

the purpose of automation-
save the cost,time,resource.

wen we come with issue we log the defect

wen we find the bug in production 

if we find bug in pre production then we have to find priority and severity of the bug,



1)how frequently u get build?
everyday we get builds nearly 3,4,5 every day.
